Clarify .NET Core strong-name behavior (#25047)
dotnet/docs: docs/standard/assembly/strong-named.md

- You want to centralize servicing for your app by applying publisher policy, which means the assembly must be installed in the global assembly cache.

> For .NET Core and .NET 5+, strong-named assemblies do not provide material benefits. The runtime never validates the strong-name signature nor uses the strong-name for assembly binding.

Reviewer: Clarity nit:

```suggestion
For .NET Core and .NET 5+, strong-named assemblies do not provide material benefits. The runtime never validates the strong-name signature, nor does it use the strong-name for assembly binding.
```
